Hello girls
Good thing is today's video coming back doing a
product review I received nothing of faith
which is a silage with a reducing effect
mini volume and how my hair is
smooth already elisa natural it has taste
so I'm doing the sealing of the
My sister's hair taina sister more
new and how can you see hair
she has enough hair compared to
my hair is well armed
the top and perform the part of
down is also pretty lisinha
but the top part is well armed
and she wants to give a reduced volume
so I 'll spend on her hair
photographing and step by step for you
and that is the sealing it eliminates the visa and
of beauty in your hair ii and that's it
I hope you like that I do not do a
Side of hair with shampoo by fury cand
so he comes three productive with
numbering 1 number 2 and number 3
then they remain purifying head
after washing and rinse wisely
will remove from product if necessary
repeat orange 7 5% hair advice
of a dryer
I tried with the wide-tooth comb the
request four equal parts
proceed to step 2
break the hair dry
I'm going to wash my hair now
Now I'm good at her asking for
combing to pass the second step would
hence
the second step
and here she is talking and I thought she was going to
apply it with the help of a brush
I'll put it in a pot and I 'll leave.
Mecha, I'm going to have to split my hair.
her in four parts and move and move
approximately two centimeters
I'll kiss and leave everyone later
with the product and I'll let it act
for 20 minutes I will not go
rinses make a brush pass flat iron
then I'll wait ten minutes but it was
hair and then I'll go there already
product using warm water
and massaging hair well must pass
to the next step
I already went through step 2
my hair is hers
I know you can see Jacarezinho.
I already know what I want to spend a
step 2 and pass through a dryer and then
six to nine of them in the same
night
so now I 'm waiting to cool it's ten
Wait a minute if you want to cool the paint.
and then to step 3
reconstructive mask then she gave the
hair we mask and she stays
three to five minutes with the mark on
hair
then rinse again and dry
with drier there girls this is the
end result
her hair is fine by me
I was surprised with the result because
in the end, nor here who chose him as
you could see and it's just you and dryer
just a dryer and even then,
see what the result would be even then
took off every side of a dump in the hair
Her right was not so armed're not
armed and France was also the
It's a cool result , that 's what I liked
enough of the result we will see now
How long will it last?
as will be the result here in these
next weeks next year
is that you liked it and even the
next video